#write common property before load module

#common property
#color = 0xFF
background = 0x44
border = 0x0033AA
#min_width = 300
#align = center
separator = 0
separator_block_width = 7

#load ipc module
#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/ipc/config
module.load = ipc

#load static module, config for power button
module.path = ~/.config/vbar/static/poweropen
module.load = static

#load static module, config for power button
module.path = ~/.config/vbar/static/powerclose
module.load = static

#load static module, config for power button
module.path = ~/.config/vbar/static/power
module.load = static

#load static module, config for power button
module.path = ~/.config/vbar/static/reboot
module.load = static

#load static module, config for power button
module.path = ~/.config/vbar/static/logout
module.load = static

#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/datetime/config
module.load = datetime

#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/ip/config
module.load = ip

#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/network/config
module.load = network

#module.path[5] = ~/.config/vbar/wireless/config
module.load = wireless

#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/temperature/config
module.load = temperature

#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/power/config
module.load = power

#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/memory/config
module.load = memory

#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/cpufreq/config
module.load = cpufreq

#module.path = ~/.config/vbar/cpu/config
module.load = cpu


